README.md, before:

# CV Generator

[Live preview](https://icecoffee426.github.io/cv-generator).

## Description

This is an app created using React.js which allows the user to input their work and education information, and then generate a personalised CV. It was an assignment created as part of the full-stack JavaScript pathway on [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/).

## How It Was Made

- The first step in the creation of this app was to learn how to initialise a React app. To do this without using "create-react-app", I used the knowledge gained from the Webpack tutorials on TOP, as well as a lot of help from [this tutorial by WittCode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3LpsM42s5o).
- It was incredibly helpful to learn more about how to use Webpack and other modules from scratch instead of relying on "create-react-app", as it allowed me to understand what a React app needs to work correctly.
- Once React was up and running, I learnt how to use JSX to create components and deploy to them to the app. Having used Webpack in one of my previous projects, the focus on this part was to learn the different react syntax and methods.
- Another part of the challenge here was that the React documentation was updated recently (at the time of creation) and thus many of the tutorials used the old syntax. It was great to learn both ways of doing things simultaneously but I made sure to focus on the most up-to-date React methods.
- In addition, this was the first project where I used a sensible Git workflow (regular commits and squashing when reaching milestones in the production of the app).
- More information will be added here as I learn more!

## Author

[@IceCoffee426](https://github.com/icecoffee426)

## Version History

- 1.0 (XX/04/2023)
  - Initial release

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

This project was one of the assignments on [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com)'s JavaScript pathway. It was highly educational and I recommend The Odin Project to anyone who wants to learn full-stack web development.

Commit message:

Deploy second build
Add toggle to mark tasks done

Add local storage

Allow user to edit and delete tasks correctly

Update README

Update page title

Update GH username and links

Remove broken link in README

Change typo in name

Add components for different parts

Complete app functionality

README.md, after:

# Todo List React

[Live preview](https://shubsmastan-todo-list-react.netlify.app/).

## Description

This is an app created using React.js which allows the user to input Todo tasks, mark them as done and delete them. It was an assignment created as part of the full-stack JavaScript pathway on [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/).

## How It Was Made

- Initialise a React.js app using Webpack and Babel [dev dependencies](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3LpsM42s5o).
- It was incredibly helpful to learn more about how to use Webpack and other modules from scratch instead of relying on "create-react-app".
- Once React was up and running, I learnt how to use JSX to create components and deploy to them to the app (the focus on this part was to learn the different react syntax and methods).
- Another part of the challenge here was that the React documentation was updated recently (at the time of creation) and thus many of the tutorials used the old syntax. It was great to learn both ways of doing things simultaneously but I made sure to focus on the most up-to-date React methods and using functional components instead of class components.
- In addition, this was the first project where I used a sensible Git workflow (regular commits and squashing when reaching milestones in production).

## Author

[@ShubsMastan](https://github.com/shubsmastan)

## Version History

- 1.0 (09/04/2023)
  - Initial release

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

## Acknowledgments

This project was one of the assignments on [The Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com)'s JavaScript pathway. It was highly educational and I recommend The Odin Project to anyone who wants to learn full-stack web development.
